README.md, before:

# LeetCode Solutions (JavaScript)

This repository is a collection of my algorithmic problem-solving efforts using **JavaScript (Node.js)**. I use this space to track my progress, refine my understanding of data structures, and practice writing clean, efficient JS code.

- **744 – Find Smallest Letter Greater Than Target**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/find-smallest-letter-greater-than-target
- **1143 – Longest Common Subsequence**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-subsequence/
- **1200 – Minimum Absolute Difference**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-absolute-difference/
- **1292 – Maximum Side Length of a Square with Sum ≤ Threshold**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-side-length-of-a-square-with-sum-less-than-or-equal-to-threshold/
- **1984 – Minimum Difference Between Highest and Lowest of K Scores**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-difference-between-highest-and-lowest-of-k-scores/
- **3507 – Minimum Pair Removal to Sort Array I**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-pair-removal-to-sort-array-i/
- **2618 – Check if Object Instance of Class**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-object-instance-of-class/
- **2619 – Array Prototype Last**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/array-prototype-last/
- **2625 – Flatten Deeply Nested Array**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/flatten-deeply-nested-array/
- **2631 – Group By**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/group-by/
- **2622 – Cache With Time Limit**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/cache-with-time-limit/
- **2623 – Memoize**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/memoize/
- **2627 – Debounce**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/debounce/
- **2630 – Memoize II**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/memoize-ii/
- **2624 – Snail Traversal**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/snail-traversal/
- **2627 – Is Object Empty**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/is-object-empty
- **2648 – Generate Fibonacci Sequence With Generator**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/generate-fibonacci-sequence/
- **3751 – Total Waviness of Numbers in Range I**  
 https://leetcode.com/problems/total-waviness-of-numbers-in-range-i
- **3801 – Minimum Cost to Merge Sorted Lists**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-cost-to-merge-sorted-lists/

Commit message:

3010. Divide an Array Into Subarrays With Minimum Cost I

README.md, after:

# LeetCode Solutions (JavaScript)

This repository is a collection of my algorithmic problem-solving efforts using **JavaScript (Node.js)**. I use this space to track my progress, refine my understanding of data structures, and practice writing clean, efficient JS code.

- **744 – Find Smallest Letter Greater Than Target**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/find-smallest-letter-greater-than-target
- **1143 – Longest Common Subsequence**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-subsequence/
- **1200 – Minimum Absolute Difference**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-absolute-difference/
- **1292 – Maximum Side Length of a Square with Sum ≤ Threshold**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-side-length-of-a-square-with-sum-less-than-or-equal-to-threshold/
- **1984 – Minimum Difference Between Highest and Lowest of K Scores**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-difference-between-highest-and-lowest-of-k-scores/
- **3507 – Minimum Pair Removal to Sort Array I**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-pair-removal-to-sort-array-i/
- **2618 – Check if Object Instance of Class**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-object-instance-of-class/
- **2619 – Array Prototype Last**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/array-prototype-last/
- **2625 – Flatten Deeply Nested Array**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/flatten-deeply-nested-array/
- **2631 – Group By**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/group-by/
- **2622 – Cache With Time Limit**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/cache-with-time-limit/
- **2623 – Memoize**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/memoize/
- **2627 – Debounce**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/debounce/
- **2630 – Memoize II**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/memoize-ii/
- **2624 – Snail Traversal**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/snail-traversal/
- **2627 – Is Object Empty**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/is-object-empty
- **2648 – Generate Fibonacci Sequence With Generator**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/generate-fibonacci-sequence/
- **3010 – Divide an Array Into Subarrays With Minimum Cost I**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/divide-an-array-into-subarrays-with-minimum-cost-i
- **3751 – Total Waviness of Numbers in Range I**  
 https://leetcode.com/problems/total-waviness-of-numbers-in-range-i
- **3801 – Minimum Cost to Merge Sorted Lists**  
  https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-cost-to-merge-sorted-lists/
